On November 3, 2017, Exo received a Prime Minister Commendation at the Korean Popular Culture and Arts Awards, an honor bestowed in recognition of public service and/or excellence in a given field. When receiving the award, Suho said: "We have received such a big award alongside brilliant people ... It's such a huge honor. We will become performers who promote not only K-pop, but also Korea."
At 17, Gates formed a venture with Allen called Traf-O-Data to make traffic counters based on the Intel 8008 processor. In 1972, he served as a congressional page in the House of Representatives. He was a National Merit Scholar when he graduated from Lakeside School in 1973. He scored 1590 out of 1600 on the Scholastic Aptitude Tests (SAT) and enrolled at Harvard College in the autumn of 1973. He chose a pre-law major but took mathematics and graduate level computer science courses. While at Harvard, he met fellow student Steve Ballmer. Gates left Harvard after two years while Ballmer stayed and graduated magna cum laude. Years later, Ballmer succeeded Gates as Microsoft's CEO and maintained that position from 2000 until his resignation in 2014.
Depp was arrested in Vancouver in 1989 for assaulting a security guard after the police were called to end a loud party at his hotel room. He was also arrested in New York City in 1994 after causing significant damage to his room at The Mark Hotel, where he was staying with Kate Moss, his then-girlfriend. The charges were dropped against him after he agreed to pay US$9,767 in damages. Depp was arrested again in 1999 for brawling with paparazzi outside a restaurant while dining in London with Paradis.
Hanks next starred in the highly anticipated film The Da Vinci Code, based on the bestselling novel by Dan Brown. The film was released May 19, 2006 in the U.S., and grossed over US$750 million worldwide. He followed the film with Ken Burns's 2007 documentary The War. For the documentary, Hanks did voice work, reading excerpts from World War II-era columns by Al McIntosh. In 2006, Hanks topped a 1,500-strong list of "most trusted celebrities" compiled by Forbes magazine. Hanks also produced the animated children's movie The Ant Bully in 2006.
The first suicide from the building occurred on April 7, 1931, before it was even completed, when a carpenter who had been laid-off went to the 58th floor and jumped. The first suicide after the building's opening occurred from the 86th floor observatory in February 1935, when Irma P. Eberhardt fell 1,029 feet (314 m) onto a marquee sign. On December 16, 1943, William Lloyd Rambo jumped to his death from the 86th floor, landing amidst Christmas shoppers on the street below. In the early morning of September 27, 1946, shell-shocked Marine Douglas W. Brashear Jr. jumped from the 76th-floor window of the Grant Advertising Agency; police found his shoes 50 feet (15 m) from his body.
During his rookie season with the Bulls, Jordan averaged 28.2 ppg on 51.5% shooting, and helped make a team that had won 35% of games in the previous three seasons playoff contenders. He quickly became a fan favorite even in opposing arenas. Roy S. Johnson of The New York Times described him as "the phenomenal rookie of the Bulls" in November, and Jordan appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated with the heading "A Star Is Born" in December. The fans also voted in Jordan as an All-Star starter during his rookie season. Controversy arose before the All-Star game when word surfaced that several veteran players—led by Isiah Thomas—were upset by the amount of attention Jordan was receiving. This led to a so-called "freeze-out" on Jordan, where players refused to pass the ball to him throughout the game. The controversy left Jordan relatively unaffected when he returned to regular season play, and he would go on to be voted Rookie of the Year. The Bulls finished the season 38–44 and lost to the Milwaukee Bucks in four games in the first round of the playoffs.
In June 2012, Watson was confirmed for the role as Ila, Shem's wife, in Darren Aronofsky's Noah, which began filming the following month, and was released in March 2014. Watson referred to the role as "physically very demanding" given the usage of special effects and did extensive research on childbirth to effectively portray a scene in the film. The film, a box office success, received mixed reviews for its direction and casting; Vanity Fair wrote that "Watson anchors the film's rawest emotional scenes.... Sitting on an Icelandic beach with Russell Crowe, her hair wild and eyes burning, Watson is quiet but ferocious." In March 2013, it was reported that Watson was in negotiations to star as the title character in a live-action Disney adaptation of Cinderella. Watson was offered the role, but turned it down because she did not connect with the character. The role ultimately went to Lily James.
On August 2, 2011, it was reported that the season nine premiere would begin with Sheen's character having been killed off and his ex-girlfriends attending his funeral. Afterward, Charlie's Malibu home would be put up for sale and interested buyers would include celebrities from Lorre's other sitcoms and John Stamos, as well as Kutcher's character, Walden Schmidt, "an Internet billionaire with a broken heart." Critics compared this situation to what happened in 1987 to Valerie Harper, who was fired from the sitcom, Valerie (later titled Valerie's Family: The Hogans and then The Hogan Family). Her character was killed off-screen, and she was replaced the following season.[37]
Adele performed "Hello" live for the first time for a BBC one-hour-long special, Adele at the BBC, which was recorded on 2 November 2015 and was broadcast on BBC One on 20 November 2015. She also performed the song at the 17th NRJ Music Awards on 7 November 2015, at Radio City Music Hall in New York City on 17 November 2015 as her opening number (Adele Live in New York City), and on Saturday Night Live on 21 November 2015. On 23 November 2015, after appearing on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, Adele recorded the song with Fallon and his house band, The Roots, playing classroom instruments. The version was broadcast on the show the following night. On 13 December 2015 Adele performed "Hello" on the X Factor live final at The SSE Arena, Wembley.
In May 2020, two Conservative MPs called upon the government to scrutinize aspects of the deal, with Karl McCartney calling for the sale to be blocked, and Giles Watling calling upon the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport to hold an oral evidence session regarding sports piracy in Saudi Arabia. In May 2020, The Guardian reported that the Premier League had obtained a report from the World Trade Organization (published publicly the following month), which contained evidence that Saudi nationals had backed beoutQ — a pirate broadcaster carrying the beIN Sports networks in the region since the Qatar diplomatic crisis. In June 2020, The Guardian reported that Richard Masters, who appeared in front of the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, had hinted possible takeover of Newcastle United. However, the MPs warned it would be “humiliating” to allow a Saudi Arabian consortium to take charge given the country’s record on piracy and human rights. In July 2020, The Guardian reported that Saudi Arabia’s decision to ban beIN Sports broadcast from operating in the nation, has further complicated the takeover of Newcastle United. On July 30, 2020, Saudi Arabia announced its withdrawal from the Newcastle deal, after multiple media reports highlighted realm as the staunch violator of human rights. And the WTO ruled that it was behind the piracy campaign using pirate-pay-service beoutQ. "With a deep appreciation for the Newcastle community and the significance of its football club, we have come to the decision to withdraw our interest in acquiring Newcastle United Football Club," the group said in its statement upon withdrawal.
The film's soundtrack also enjoyed success. Houston co-executive produced The Bodyguard: Original Soundtrack Album and recorded six songs for the album. Rolling Stone described it as "nothing more than pleasant, tasteful and urbane". The soundtrack's lead single was "I Will Always Love You", written and originally recorded by Dolly Parton in 1974. Houston's version was highly acclaimed by critics, regarding it as her "signature song" or "iconic performance". Rolling Stone and USA Today called her rendition a tour-de-force. The single peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 for a then-record-breaking 14 weeks, number one on the R&B chart for a then-record-breaking 11 weeks, and number one on the Adult Contemporary charts for five weeks. The single was certified 4× platinum by the RIAA, making Houston the first woman with a single to reach that level in the RIAA history and becoming the best-selling single by a woman in the U.S. The song also became a global success, topping the charts in almost all countries, and the best-selling single of all time by a female solo artist with 20 million copies sold. Houston won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year in 1994 for "I Will Always Love You".
Hanks next starred in the highly anticipated film The Da Vinci Code, based on the bestselling novel by Dan Brown. The film was released May 19, 2006 in the U.S., and grossed over US$750 million worldwide. He followed the film with Ken Burns's 2007 documentary The War. For the documentary, Hanks did voice work, reading excerpts from World War II-era columns by Al McIntosh. In 2006, Hanks topped a 1,500-strong list of "most trusted celebrities" compiled by Forbes magazine. Hanks also produced the animated children's movie The Ant Bully in 2006.
In 2005, the British Museum presented Egypt with a full-sized fibreglass colour-matched replica of the stele. This was initially displayed in the renovated Rashid National Museum, an Ottoman house in the town of Rashid (Rosetta), the closest city to the site where the stone was found. In November 2005, Hawass suggested a three-month loan of the Rosetta Stone, while reiterating the eventual goal of a permanent return. In December 2009, he proposed to drop his claim for the permanent return of the Rosetta Stone if the British Museum lent the stone to Egypt for three months for the opening of the Grand Egyptian Museum at Giza in 2013.
Depp was arrested in Vancouver in 1989 for assaulting a security guard after the police were called to end a loud party at his hotel room. He was also arrested in New York City in 1994 after causing significant damage to his room at The Mark Hotel, where he was staying with Kate Moss, his then-girlfriend. The charges were dropped against him after he agreed to pay US$9,767 in damages. Depp was arrested again in 1999 for brawling with paparazzi outside a restaurant while dining in London with Paradis.
Since the 1990s, development of high-rise condominia in the downtown peninsula has been financed, in part, by an inflow of capital from Hong Kong immigrants due to the former colony's 1997 handover to China. Such development has clustered in the Yaletown and Coal Harbour districts and around many of the SkyTrain stations to the east of the downtown. The city's selection to co-host the 2010 Winter Olympics was also a major influence on economic development. Concern was expressed that Vancouver's increasing homelessness problem would be exacerbated by the Olympics because owners of single room occupancy hotels, which house many of the city's lowest income residents, converted their properties to attract higher income residents and tourists. Another significant international event held in Vancouver, the 1986 World Exposition, received over 20 million visitors and added $3.7 billion to the Canadian economy. Some still-standing Vancouver landmarks, including the SkyTrain public transit system and Canada Place, were built as part of the exposition.
In June 2017, the Seventh Circuit upheld the magistrate's decision to overturn Dassey's conviction, leaving the state with the options of appealing Duffin's ruling to the U.S. Supreme Court, dismissing the charges, or retrying him. The state then petitioned the appellate court to hear the case en banc. The state's petition was granted and the appellate court reversed the magistrate's ruling, finding that Dassey's confession did not violate the Constitution. Dassey's attorneys filed a petition to have the Supreme Court hear his case, but the request was denied. Dassey remains in prison.
For the next two years, Charlemagne was occupied, along with the Slavs, against the Saxons. Pippin and Duke Eric of Friuli continued, however, to assault the Avars' ring-shaped strongholds. The great Ring of the Avars, their capital fortress, was taken twice. The booty was sent to Charlemagne at his capital, Aachen, and redistributed to his followers and to foreign rulers, including King Offa of Mercia. Soon the Avar tuduns had lost the will to fight and travelled to Aachen to become vassals to Charlemagne and to become Christians. Charlemagne accepted their surrender and sent one native chief, baptised Abraham, back to Avaria with the ancient title of khagan. Abraham kept his people in line, but in 800, the Bulgarians under Khan Krum attacked the remains of the Avar state.
Glee has been released on several DVD and Blu-ray box-sets. Glee – Pilot Episode: Director's Cut features the pilot episode and a preview of the second episode, "Showmance". Glee – Volume 1: Road to Sectionals contains the first thirteen episodes of season one, and Glee – Volume 2: Road to Regionals contains the final nine episodes of the first season. Glee – The Complete First Season was released on September 13, 2010. Three boxed sets were released for the second season: Glee Season 2: Volume 1 containing the first ten episodes on January 25, 2011, and both Glee Season 2: Volume 2 with the final twelve episode and Glee: The Complete Second Season with all twenty-two on September 13, 2011. All three were released on DVD; only the complete season is available on Blu-ray.
Abbey Road initially received mixed reviews from music critics, who criticised the production's artificial sounds and viewed its music as inauthentic. William Mann of The Times said that the album will "be called gimmicky by people who want a record to sound exactly like a live performance", although he considered it to be "teem with musical invention" and added: "Nice as Come Together and Harrison's Something are – they are minor pleasures in the context of the whole disc … Side Two is marvellous …" Ed Ward of Rolling Stone called the album "complicated instead of complex" and felt that the Moog synthesizer "disembodies and artificializes" the band's sound, adding that they "create a sound that could not possibly exist outside the studio". While he found the medley on side two to be their "most impressive music" since Rubber Soul, Nik Cohn of The New York Times said that, "individually", the album's songs are "nothing special". Albert Goldman of Life magazine wrote that Abbey Road "is not one of the Beatles' great albums" and, despite some "lovely" phrases and "stirring" segues, side two's suite "seems symbolic of the Beatles' latest phase, which might be described as the round-the-clock production of disposable music effects".
The Star Wars films are the highest-grossing series based on a single property, earning over $10 billion at the box office (although the Eon James Bond films have earned over $18 billion in total when adjusted to current prices). If ancillary income from merchandise is included, then Star Wars is the most lucrative property; it holds the Guinness world record for the "most successful film merchandising franchise" and was valued at £19.51 billion in 2012 (approximately $30 billion). The Marvel Cinematic Universe has had the most films gross over $1 billion with nine. The four Avengers films and the two Frozen films are the only franchises where each installment has grossed over $1 billion. Along with The Lion King, these are also the only franchises to have a series average of over $1 billion per film.
PG: He’s an honorary priest, but he does his own thing. If asked about our philosophies he can explain it. The interesting thing is when his first album came out the two of us met on a panel that we were doing about racism in music that was being sponsored by Seconds Magazine. Nobody knew who Brian Warner was at that point, and he came up to me and gave me a CD and he was all in costume. But he said "I heard about you and I wanted to meet you," so we moved aside and talked for a little while and I learned he really did understand Satanism. I told Anton LaVey that this guy was pretty smart and this gimmick is going to do well; it’s clever. He’s using this serial killer and Hollywood star combination, and he’s a smart guy and creating his own persona that is probably going to be successful. It took off immediately, and when Marilyn Manson was out on tour in California he asked if he could meet Anton LaVey and he was impressed. He is a really sweet and sincere guy, which has nothing to do with what all of the world sees in just his act and his art.
Irene Villa: As something more. I'd like my testimony to go beyond sport, which is what I try to do around the world, besides telling people you can do it. It's about the capacity of a person to make herself, to be happy, to overcome resentment, to love herself, and to love others. I think that is the most important thing. And that's the basis. I think sport is something that completes your life, mentally and physically. It's very important. But my message is forgiveness, happiness and hope. ((es)) Spanish language: ‍Algo más. A mi me gustaría, que es lo que hago por todo el mundo, aparte de decir a la gente que se puede, que mi testimonio vaya más allá del deporte. Es la capacidad de una persona de hacerse a sí misma, de ser feliz, de superar el rencor, de amarse, y de amar a los demás. Yo creo que eso es lo más importante. Y esa es la base. Creo que el deporte es algo que completa tu vida, te complementa mentalmente, físicamente. Es muy importante. Pero mi mensaje es perdón, alegría y esperanza.
"There is a 'special development plan' in front of the council, which changes only one thing about the zoning. It allows one permitted use for just a hotel. The rest of the zoning remains as it is under the current Elmwood Business District zoning. 605 and 607 Forest are not required for the project. They are not part of the footprint for the project. Let me answer this question again. This is on the record, in council: 605 needs to be rezoned in order to facilitate the project because of the sideyard requirement. Anything in C-2 is excluded besides the hotel. So we've taken the C-2 and included the hotel as a permitted use, and excluded everything else and everything else remains the same."
: Personally, it does not concern me because I did this as an assignment for a class. Therefore, only having edited one article any lack on individual credit is not a worry for me, especially because this is such a group effort. What does concern me is the lack of credit Wikipedia is given in the academic community. Many people worked tirelessly on this article, and of course all the other FAs, to make sure it was all properly supported by academic sources yet it still has a bad reputation. I think FAs deserve more credit in the academic community because they are excellent sources of information. EE: Not particularly. The goal of Wikipedia is to share and spread information, not formulate new ideas or pose arguments. Ultimately, users are merely compilers, gathering information and organizing it into a cohesive page. While some users may contribute more than others, all users are working towards a common goal, which doesn't precipitate the need for individual recognition. Additionally, Wikipedia has in place it's [sic] own sort of recognition and awards system that can give credit where credit's due.
RB: The reason why I've never gone to a baseball game before this year I was just afraid of going by myself and afraid of what people would say. And so I went to my first game with my friend and I really was surprised. I've learned a lot that I have to give people a chance. And when I went people were really really nice to me. And I was just really impressed. And it made me want to do more because people were very accepting to me and same at other places and they would actually come up to me and make the first move and shake my hand and just give me words of encouragement. And since that first game it makes me want to go and do more. With each place I go I find acceptance.
SP: Well, nanotechnology is not a vocation but a dimension. It’s a new dimension and it concerns all walks of life, not limited to one, from the military to the civilian. Everywhere you turn around you can see the eventual effect of nano. It also raises some of the most complicated moral issues because until now the human race knew how to build. It didn’t know how to grow. What we did is collected wood and stones and steel and glass and we built from up to down. Structure. Now, what is common to both building a structure is the smallest particular, the nanometer. The minute you can manage it, you can begin to make things grow. And that’s a tremendous change; it is also a tremendous dilemma for humanity. Now actually, like on many other occasions, we discover the nano from the negative side. The bomb.
JM: I think we have to cede ground on that. As a psychiatrist who is analytically trained, I like to think of myself as a dynamic psychiatrist. Meaning that I use some of the theories that we have talked about to help inform my approach to a patient, but I importantly also consider my medical and psychiatric knowledge. In the case of OCD, the preferred treatments are often medication and cognitive behavioral therapy. I recently worked with an OCD individual, at the insistence of his behavior therapist who wanted me to help the individual figure out why he was having a hard time accepting medication. In the end, frankly, I referred him back to the behavioral therapist because our treatment wasn't going anywhere.
IN: No, I want to more closely associate humans with the other animals, because if we took Biology 101 we know we are all animals. It’s just that we decide we’re gods, they’re trash. That’s just invalid, wrong from every point of perspective: scientific, moral and everything else. I want people to relate to the other animals. It’s a matter of discrimination and prejudice to make us decide in the past that disabled people aren’t as important as we are, or somebody’s skin color was different and we could exploit them. Now it’s that we aren’t the same species so we can treat them like dirt. It’s not logical that we do that, because we are all flesh and blood and feel pain, suffering, joy, love and all those things. I think we have to come to terms with the fact that we are all in this life, on this Earth, with lots of other different individuals. What was that, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe?
((Jarkko )) Mostly it just happened. We all must have had some kind of vision about the music and the looks for sure and we all agreed about the leather and skin. That’s how it all began. We wrote songs we thought were good and metallish. We played them as metal should be played: loud’n’proud. There must have been something special about our music and live performances, ‘cause the fan crowds just kept growing and growing. And while the band evolved, the concept evolved on its own.
: I created a user account in January, along with almost all of the class as it was the first time I realized that one could edit wikipedia. The page I believe was created, with the help of Dr. Beasley-Murray on January 15th. After we got a "speedy deletion" tag put on our page, I thought I should get some content up there to make sure that it wasn't deleted, as I have no idea how to create a page. So, we were involved with Wikipedia for about 3 months before we were put up for GA review and then it was just under 4 months when we were awarded the FA gold star. I do not think length of time with Wikipedia is important before achieving Good or Featured articles but rather quality of the content and willingness of other wikipedians to collaborate on the project. I relied on the more experienced Wikipedian users to let us know when Good or Featured Article status was achievable and create checklists for us to complete before getting to either stage. KK : When we were first presented with this assignment in the middle of January I admit we were very determined to get a featured article and I don't think I really realized how much overall work and reworking of the article would be required to attain that goal. In mid-February we spent a couple days trying to read every English source we could get our hands on and we were dumping the contents onto the page. It was at this time that others really started to take an interest by making suggestions and doing heaps of editing themselves. To be honest it felt a little overwhelming, realizing how strict Wikipedia rules are and all the editing we needed to do. While the extensive requirements were overwhelming at first they also made good and feature article status feel achievable because we were able to see exactly what we needed to do.
NS: I actually don’t think in reality that the difference is that profound, because when you look at the big debate, and you stated it well, does the government protect the individual right to bear arms, does it only protect a collective right through the state militias? Let’s assume for the sake of argument it does protect an individual right, it is no more absolute than freedom of speech or any other right in the Constitution. No right is absolute; the government is always allowed to restrict the right if it can satisfy Constitutional strict scrutiny and show the restriction is narrowly tailored to promote a goal of compelling importance. Ironically, the very first federal appellate court in recent history to hold that there was an individual right to bear arms under the Second Amendment, the Fifth Circuit, then went on to nevertheless uphold the particular restriction that was being challenged! Mainly, that the guy was under a restraining order for domestic abuse and he wasn’t allowed to possess a gun. The court said the Second Amendment protects your right, but this regulation doesn’t violate your right. So I don’t think it makes a big difference. And conversely, to say it’s not an individual right doesn’t mean that gun owners are without all rights, and the ACLU has often collaborated with gun owners rights organizations to defend their rights to privacy, to defend their rights to due process; in other words, they don’t forfeit all of their Constitutional rights just because they are gun owners, even if the Second Amendment doesn’t protect. So I think it’s more a philosophical debate than it has any practical difference.
JBM: I certainly intend to repeat the experiment. The one downside for an instructor is that, if it is to be done right, it is very labour-intensive. On the other hand, in terms of capital resources it is essentially free. My university (and many others) pays millions of dollars per year for site licences for educational software such as WebCT. That's a massive waste of money, as far as I'm concerned; though it's a lucrative racket for the people selling the software. It's also, I'd say, an abdication of an important aspect of the university's mission: to invest in the Commons. The trend in contemporary academia is too often towards privatization and enclosure. (Though I should note that there are valiant exceptions, and my former colleague John Willinsky's work on open access is exemplary.) The more universities engage with Wikipedia, and the more they realize that they can do so without necessarily dropping the high standards of research and academic rigour that it is also their duty to safeguard, the more they benefit not only their own students, but also the public good.
-Becky Hogge, Open Rights Group Executive Director (left). -Becky Hogge, Open Rights Group Executive Director (left). Extending that term has a lot of implications. The first question that comes up is, you say: why? Are we going to incentivise Cliff Richards' to record any more tracks in 1958? Clearly not, because it's not 1958 any more. And then you ask yourself the second question: are you going to incentivise artists who are recording tracks now to record more tracks, because they have more incentive, because their monopoly over these neighbouring rights will be knocked up? Economists have looked at this and they say, 'any rational act of making a decision does not look at what's going to happen in 50 years time, let alone 95 years time, we simply don't do this. So what you've got at the end of the day with copyright term extension is basically, and I hope this is not too bold, it's basically rent seeking. It's rent seeking by special interest groups lobbying governments to change the law in order that they may economically gain directly. This is were you get to the sort of Cliff Richard argument with pension. Cliff Richard is a recording artist who didn't write his own songs and will stop receiving royalty. You've got Cliff Richard saying 'copyright is a pension for us'. There are artists that are saying 50 years after they've started their career, started recording, they're old, they're pensionable aged, they need their income and this royalty income is stopping. I simply don't like that argument because every other citizen of the E.U. has contributed to their pension during their working life. This argument for me is really designed to do something very clever, which is exact sympathy from the general public for people who are already very rich. If you're still getting royalties after 50 years, you are a very successful artist indeed. Eddan Katz: There's a strategy here that needs to be named, by copyright interests, major entertainment companies that have most to benefit from the extension of copyright without any incentive added; it's a strategy to section it off, to make a story, and pinpoint one segment with that story in trying to justify an overall extension of copyright, which is particularly meant to profit and to remove works from the public domain that were set to be there. And also to really blind the pockets, and change the law in order to be able to raise the rent. It's also being justified under harmonising; harmonising is used to justify a ratcheting up, it generally means more exclusive rights to be granted, and layered on top of existing exclusive rights. It's not meant as harmonisation is intended to be, and as the European project is supposed to be, to find a way to create real markets. It's not to justify the continuing increasing of exclusive rights as one specific theory about incentivising creativity when we see so much evidence that there's a lot of creativity coming out of systems outside of long term exclusive rights.
Duncan Campbell: Yes, I've heard it's better than the US. At the same time, it's crap. You have here [in Great Britain], they've got it on 18 hours a day, and it's got good viewership. When are we going to learn in North America that viewership is out there for it? How many times do we have to demonstrate it? We had the Paralympics Vancouver Winter Paralympics BC
SP: I think the situation is a peace movement because the more that the Arabs are learning, the more they are becoming peaceful. Look, we have in Israel 50,000 Arab citizens who are academicians. Ask where are they. Some of them are teachers who will remain in the vicinity of their university. Most of them are doctors. You won’t find in Israel today a hospital without Arab doctors and Arab nurses. Now an Israeli that goes to the hospital, maybe he would be reluctant to employ an Arab at his factory but he doesn’t hesitate to come to the hospital, lie on the bed and here comes an Arab doctor with a knife in his hand and operates on him. And he says thank you. So if you have healthy relations in hospitals, maybe it’s a cure for the others. The more people who become professional and modern from both sides, this is the peace movement! The peace movement is not an attempt to write more songs about peace. We have enough songs. What we need is the development and we have to be passionate.
Most research in the area of automatic essay grading (AEG) is geared towards scoring the essay holistically while there has also been some work done on scoring individual essay traits. In this paper, we describe a way to score essays holistically using a multi-task learning (MTL) approach, where scoring the essay holistically is the primary task, and scoring the essay traits is the auxiliary task. We compare our results with a single-task learning (STL) approach, using both LSTMs and BiLSTMs. We also compare our results of the auxiliary task with such tasks done in other AEG systems. To find out which traits work best for different types of essays, we conduct ablation tests for each of the essay traits. We also report the runtime and number of training parameters for each system. We find that MTL-based BiLSTM system gives the best results for scoring the essay holistically, as well as performing well on scoring the essay traits.
In autonomous driving, navigation through unsignaled intersections with many traffic participants moving around is a challenging task. To provide a solution to this problem, we propose a novel branched network G-CIL for the navigation policy learning. Specifically, we firstly represent such dynamic environments as graph-structured data and propose an effective strategy for edge definition to aggregate surrounding information for the ego-vehicle. Then graph convolutional neural networks are used as the perception module to capture global and geometric features from the environment. To generate safe and efficient navigation policy, we further incorporate it with conditional imitation learning algorithm, to learn driving behaviors directly from expert demonstrations. Our proposed network is capable of handling a varying number of surrounding vehicles and generating optimal control actions (e.g., steering angle and throttle) according to the given high-level commands (e.g., turn left towards the global goal). Evaluations on unsignaled intersections with various traffic densities demonstrate that our end-to-end trainable neural network outperforms the baselines with higher success rate and shorter navigation time.
In autonomous driving, navigation through unsignaled intersections with many traffic participants moving around is a challenging task. To provide a solution to this problem, we propose a novel branched network G-CIL for the navigation policy learning. Specifically, we firstly represent such dynamic environments as graph-structured data and propose an effective strategy for edge definition to aggregate surrounding information for the ego-vehicle. Then graph convolutional neural networks are used as the perception module to capture global and geometric features from the environment. To generate safe and efficient navigation policy, we further incorporate it with conditional imitation learning algorithm, to learn driving behaviors directly from expert demonstrations. Our proposed network is capable of handling a varying number of surrounding vehicles and generating optimal control actions (e.g., steering angle and throttle) according to the given high-level commands (e.g., turn left towards the global goal). Evaluations on unsignaled intersections with various traffic densities demonstrate that our end-to-end trainable neural network outperforms the baselines with higher success rate and shorter navigation time.
Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface (RIS) has becoming a useful tool in future wireless communication systems for close-distance communication network. This paper we use Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface (RIS) for downlink multi-user communication designed to improve energy collection performance while satisfying wireless information and Power Transfer (WIPT). The designed system consists of an IRS-assisted system consists of a multi-antenna assisted base station (BS) and two opposite multi-antenna assisted information receiver cooperated (RIS) as energy receiver (ERs) that meets energy collection requirements. Based on the electromagnetic property of Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface (RIS), like two mirrors that are opposite each other, setting two Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface (RIS) attached to the city buildings to reflect the sending signals. The transmitting precoding of the Multi-antenna Auxiliary Base Station (BS) and the angular phase transfer matrix of the multi-antenna Auxiliary Information Receiver (IRs) need to be optimized together to maximize the energy harvesting of IoT devices for energy efficiency (EE) of the IRs system and to provide users with the efficiency of the received signal. In order to solve the joint optimization problem effectively, we turn the non-convex maximize problem into the equivalent formal error method based on the mean square, and finally use the iterative algorithm for optimization. As for algorithm, we respectively use MSE method, semidefinite relaxation techniques to simplify transmitting beamforming matrix and the matrix phase shift. Through the observation of simulation data, it can be concluded that the performance optimization method of SDR based on RIS is effective.
We demonstrate a method of micromotion minimization of a trapped ion in a linear Paul trap based on the precision measurement of the ion trapping position displacement due to a stray electric field in the radial plane by ion fluorescence imaging. The amount of displacement in the radial plane is proportional to the strength of a stray electric field. Therefore, we evaluated the micromotion compensation condition by measuring the ion displacements from the ion equilibrium position using two different radial trap frequencies with various combinations of the compensation voltage. The residual electric field uncertainty of this technique reached a few volts per meter. This compensation technique does not depend on the orientation of the incident cooling laser or the detuning and imaging direction. Therefore, this method is suitable for a planar ion trap, a stylus ion trap, which limits the propagation angle of lasers, or miniaturized ion trap systems for sensing and metrological applications.
We study statistics: mappings from distributions to real numbers. We characterize all statistics that are monotone with respect to first-order stochastic dominance, and additive for sums of independent random variables. We explore a number of applications, including a representation of stationary, monotone time preferences, generalizing Fishburn and Rubinstein (1982) to time lotteries.
We present the latest results of a long-term observational project aimed at observing, collecting from the literature, and homogenising the light, colour, and spectral variations of the well-known emission-line Be star V923 Aql. Our analysis of these parameters confirms that all of the observables exhibit cyclic changes with variable cycle length between about 1800 and 3000 days, so far documented for seven consecutive cycles. We show that these variations can be qualitatively understood within the framework of the model of one-armed oscillation of the circumstellar disk, with a wave of increased density and prograde revolution in space. We confirm the binary nature of the object with a 214.716 day period and estimate the probable system properties. We also confirm the presence of rapid light, and likely also spectral changes. However, we cannot provide any firm conclusions regarding their nature. A quantitative modelling study of long-term changes is planned as a follow-up to this work.
Measurements of the transverse Hall resistance are widely used to investigate electron transport, magnetization phenomena, and topological quantum states. Owing to the difficulty of probing transient changes of the transverse resistance, the vast majority of Hall effect experiments are carried out in stationary conditions using either dc or ac currents. Here we present an approach to perform time-resolved measurements of the transient Hall resistance during current-pulse injection with sub-nanosecond temporal resolution. We apply this technique to investigate in real-time the magnetization reversal caused by spin-orbit torques in ferrimagnetic GdFeCo dots. Single-shot Hall effect measurements show that the current-induced switching of GdFeCo is widely distributed in time and characterized by significant activation delays, which limit the total switching speed despite the high domain-wall velocity typical of ferrimagnets. Our method applies to a broad range of current-induced phenomena and can be combined with non-electrical excitations to perform pump-probe Hall effect measurements. 
George owns a grocery store and makes decent money.  One day, he hears the voice God.  God says, "Sell your store and move to Vegas."  George, a devout Christian, complies.  So George is walking down the Strip, when God says, "head into this casino and play blackjack."  George does.  After playing a few hands, God says, "bet all of your savings on this hand."  George does.  He is then dealt an 18.  the dealer has a five showing, so George feels confident.  However, God says "take a card."  George hesitates, but takes it.  An Ace! 19!  "Take another one."  Another Ace! 20!  George is ecstatic, until God says, "take another card."  George is nervous, so he closes his eyes, and yells "Hit me!"  Another Ace! 21!  George is ecstatic, and then he hears God say, "Holy shit, that was fuckin unbelievable!"
I was on a beach with some friends out of nowhere I see a friend I didn't see in at least 3 years, she remembers the chubby me so I cross paths with her to start a conversation. I call her by her name she looks at me and after a few seconds she remembers me, we start talking, just chatting on what's new. Then I realize she peeks down on my chest, she does that a few times then when she looks back at me I just smile at her, and then she tells me I look great, and I complement her back. Then I just give her my number because she wanted to meet again, and catch up. That 2 minutes just made my day, finally someone notices except of my close friends and people I live with. For two months I working hard pushing myself, I'm glad I found r/getmotivated because at a few points I needed the push I found here. I don't want to sound like a asshole here for bragging but I was always a chubby kid and this is the first time something like this happened to me. Thank you r/getmotivated you really helped me.
Three students raise their hands. "That’s fantastic. But let me ask you one question further.....Have any of you ever made love to a ghost?" One student in the back raises his hand. The professor is astonished. He takes off his glasses, takes a step back, and says, "Son, all the years I’ve been giving this lecture, no one has ever claimed to have slept with a ghost. You’ve got to come up here and tell us about your experience." The redneck student replies with a nod and a grin, and begins to make his way up to the podium. The professor says, "Well, tell us what it’s like to have sex with a ghost." The student replies, "Ghost? Damn..... From back there I thought you said ’goats’!" 
To be clear: we won't be removing these explanations. We're not in the business of needless censorship and we don't want to remove otherwise great explanations. Just please refrain from these posts. Nobody posts a legitimate question here because they want to be talked down to. Just answer the question as if OP is not an expert in the field but has a basic understanding of logic and basic things. Generally you can tell by the question where to start. If OP asks about what molecules are, you'd start with the basics of atoms and matter. But if they ask about the half life of uranium, you don't need to start describing that atoms are made of protons, neutrons and electrons, and that they're very small.
Little Johnny is staying at his grandmother’s house for the weekend with his parents. He walks into their room in the middle of the night and wakes his mother. His mother says “What is it Johnny?”. Little Johnny says “Grandma has a shrimpy”! His mother looks at him puzzled. “She has a WHAT?” Johnny says “A Shrimpy!” His mother has no idea what little Johnny is talking about. His mother says “Come show me what you’re talking about”. Little Johnny leads his mother downstairs where his 85 year old grandmother is lying sprawled out on the sofa in her night-gown. Her gown is wide open and so are her legs. She is sound asleep. Johnny says to his mother “Look mommy, Grandma has a shrimpy”. He points to her vagina. His mother laughs. “No, no, Johnny, that’s not a shrimpy. That’s her vagina”. Little Johnny looks up at his mother and says “Wow! Sure does taste like shrimpy”.
But the jewel of the crowd has got to be the fucking stoner. And this guy is more than just your average pothead. In fact, he is baked before he comes to work, during work, and I'm sure after work. He probably hasn't been sober anytime in the last ten years, and he's only 22. He dresses like a beatnik throwback from the 1960's, and to make things worse, he brings his big fucking dog to work. Every fucking day I have to look at this huge Great Dane walk around half-stoned from the second-hand smoke. Hell, sometimes I even think it's trying to talk with its constant bellowing. Also, both of them are constantly hungry, requiring multiple stops to McDonalds and Burger King, every single fucking day.
And the devil tells them they can be released if they can complete his sinful challenge. The challenge had three parts, drinking 10 shots of whiskey without passing out, fucking a beautiful woman without making a face, and killing a lion with you bare hands. The first man said, "I've been a lover all my life, I'll start with the woman!" but after a while he succumbed to her beauty and grinned. He was cast to hell. The second man said, "I've been a hunter my whole life, I'll start with the lion!" but sadly, he is torn to pieces and cast into hell. The third man said, "I've been a drunk my whole life, I'll start with the whiskey!" He downs all 10 shots and stumbles toward the lion. The devil hears a pained moan from the lion and after a few minutes the man stumbles out, clearly fine but exhausted. The man goes up to the devil and mutters, "Now where's the beautiful lady I have to kill?"
